Hi guys, Scifi Recapped here. Before we
start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today,
I`m gonna explain an American superhero,
crime, and drama movie, called Hancock.
Starring Will Smith. The film tells the story of
a man, named John Hancock. He is an alcoholic who
possesses superpowers, including flight,
invulnerability, and superhuman strength.
But unlike superheroes in general, he is not a
superhero loved by the people of Los Angeles.
Almost everyone hates him,
both good and bad people.
He also becomes enraged when referred
to as an "asshole" by the locals.
At the beginning of the movie, Hancock falls
asleep on a public bench by the side of the road.
Not long after, there is a boy who suddenly wakes
him up. The boy hopes that he can wake up soon and
stops the criminals who are in action, which
is reported on the television. Knowing this,
he immediately reacts by capturing the
mafia group who is running away in a car.
These mafia members have weapons, but that
is not a problem for him who has superpowers.
However, he is scolded by the police and
local residents for his reckless nature.
When he tackles a problem, he makes an even worse
mess. In overcoming these three criminals, Hancock
in his heroic action makes a big loss because he
also destroys police cars and public facilities.
In other words, the losses he incurred are greater
than the losses incurred by the criminals.
Meanwhile, there is a man named Ray Embrey.
He works as a public relations specialist in
a private company. He offers a business concept
to the board of directors, but sadly the concept
is not approved by them. On his way home, he
gets stuck in traffic right on the train tracks,
where a train is about to pass. Frantically, he
cannot go anywhere because the car in front and
behind him cannot move either. Then he decides
to get out of the car, but unfortunately his
clothes get stuck in it. Just at the right time,
Hancock appears and irrationally derails the car
to save Ray. As a result, Ray's car crashes into
someone else's car in an overturned condition,
then he instead crashes himself into the train
to stop it, making the environment around there
become chaotic. As usual, the citizens immediately
criticize him, except for Ray who is very thankful
to him for saving him just now. With his flying
ability, Ray is escorted by Hancock to his house.
Arriving there, Ray is greeted by his wife,
Mary and also his son, Aaron. From now,
it can be seen that Mary is one of the people
who does not like Hancock as a superhero.
Even she has refused him to eat together at her
house. On the other hand, Aaron is a fan of him.
From all the Los Angeles residents, Ray is the
only one who believes that Hancock has a good side
in him. That way, he can turn into a superhero
that people love by improving his public image.
To make it happen, Ray encourages him to
admit all the mistakes he has made so far,
such as destroying public facilities to other
things that harmed the citizens in his actions.
Ray also tells him to grant the
wishes of the residents all this time,
namely the residents want him to be
imprisoned for all the losses he has made,
until Los Angeles needs him properly. At first, he
is reluctant, but in the end he agrees with Ray.
When he arrives at the prison,
he meets another inmate. However,
they stare at him in disgust and immediately
block his way when he wants to pass.
Turns out, most of them are the people
who went to jail because of Hancock,
so they seem to be really annoyed with him. After
that, he politely asks them not to get in his way,
but they still don’t heed his words. Because he is
so upset, he ends up assaulting the two of them.
Thus, the other inmates avoid him out
of fear and quickly leave him alone.
Later, Hancock is visited by Ray who knows about
the mess that he caused earlier, encouraging
him to be patient. He is also visited by Mary
and Aaron who bring him homemade spaghetti.
Since Hancock was in prison, Los Angeles’s
crime rate rises. The climax is when there
is a bank robbery, where the criminals
carry a lot of weapons and explosives.
Therefore, Hancock is eventually released to help
the police. He also gets his superhero costume for
the first time after being taught manners by
Ray. He then foils the robbery orchestrated by
Red Parker, with Hancock slicing off his hand to
prevent him from activating a detonation switch.
Because of this, he is praised as a
superhero for the first time by the locals.
Afterwards, Hancock has dinner with Ray and Mary.
He asks them how they come to meet each other.
In essence, Mary turns out to be Ray's second
wife, while Aaron is the son of his first wife
who had died in childbirth. When it is
Hancock's turn to tell his story, it is
revealed that he is amnesiac and an immortal.
That moment when he woke up in Miami hospital,
he had no idea who he really was. The only thing
he knew was that there was a chewing gum and two
movie tickets in his pocket, but he couldn't
remember anything about it. Strangely enough,
it happened 80 years ago. In the meantime,
Mary looks at him with pity. It seems that she
is familiar with his story, causing her to cry.
After they finish dinner, a drunk Ray is carried
by Hancock to his house. Before Hancock wants
to go home, he meets with Mary in the kitchen.
He then kisses her, only for her to toss him
outside, destroying the walls of her house.
It turns out that she has superpowers like
him too, looks like they are the same species.
Hancock is very surprised not to think
that Mary has the same superpowers as him.
The next morning, Ray who has woken up from his
sleep is very surprised to see that his house was
so messy. Mary then explains to him that it was
Hancock's doing because he sneezed last night,
causing the wall to shatter. After a
while, Hancock comes to Mary’s house again.
He then does some tests on Mary because he is
still curious about what happened last night.
When he presses the fork against her shoulder,
the fork bends instead. And also, when he hits
her head with a rolling pin, Mary feels fine
about it. Because of it, he has many questions
for her and tells her to come to his residence.
Arriving there, she talks with Hancock in private.
She claims that actually she is his little sister
and they have lived for three thousand years.
She also explains that they are the
last descendants of their species.
On the other hand, Hancock disbelieves her about
the last claim, thinking that the whole thing was
bullshit. Furthermore, he immediately leaves and
flies away to inform Ray about her superpower.
Mary, who does not want Ray to know about
it, chases after him. The two of them incite
a violent battle across the city, until Ray
quietly witnesses the fight from a building.
After the fight, he returns home. At the
same time, Hancock and Mary also arrives
there. At that time, Ray is very surprised
why Mary can fly and has superpowers.
Mary then explains the truth. She admits that
Hancock is actually her husband from the past, but
that she chose to quietly leave him once he had
lost his memories about them. Knowing this fact,
Hancock feels sad and disappointed with Mary, as
well as Ray who is also annoyed by her statement.
One night, Hancock stops a liquor store robbery.
Unfortunately, the criminals are able to shoot
him in the body, causing him to be hospitalized.
After a while, Mary approaches him and continues
her explanation that their species has a weakness,
that is if they are close or have feelings for
each other, then the superpowers possessed
by them will slowly disappear for a moment,
becoming mortals. She also tells him that the last
time they were together was eighty years before.
At that moment, Hancock was attacked right
in his head by the criminals to save Mary.
Consequently, he had amnesia and only had one
chewing gum and two movie tickets in his pocket.
Meanwhile, Parker, whose hand has been sliced
off earlier, manages to escape from the prison
with several other criminals. He decides to
attack Hancock in the hospital for revenge.
Unluckily, Mary is caught in the crossfire when
she tries to protect Hancock, causing her to be
injured. After that, an angry Hancock immediately
recovers and immediately kills the criminals while
the doctors are trying to save Mary’s life. But in
the process, Hancock gets shot in his body again
by Parker. Just in the right time, he is saved
by Ray who cuts off Parker’s other hand with a
fire axe before killing him as well. Some time
after that, he finally realizes what to do next.
He immediately throws himself out of the
hospital, trying to increase his distance
from Mary so that she can recover quickly.
He eventually flies towards the Moon.
A month later, Ray and his family suddenly receive
a call from Hancock who is now in New York.
He reveals that he has imprinted the Moon's
surface with Ray's All Heart marketing logo,
which was previously rejected by his directors.
The movie ends happily, even though Ray already
knew all the facts about Hancock and Mary. In the
end, they remain good friends and Mary remains
Ray’s wife. In a mid - credits scene, Hancock
confronts a criminal holding a woman at gunpoint.
The criminal demands Hancock to help him escape
from the police while calling him an (bleep)
in the process which infuriates Hancock.
Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like to
help the channel out, thank you for watching.